

6/07/19

baseline is a score number where more likely above than below.  
more likely is defined as gt 50%
in the quick/cheap version, baseline is defined at pulled random objects, with 
several attempts to match the best pattern.  In this case, there is an extra attempt 
at matching. 
There are two different probabilities. One is, if the pattern is met, the odds of success. 
The other is meeting the pattern in the first place. 
This is true for Xtra, Less, Impossible, and Baseline. 
While base prob is defined as a number at just over 50. 
Xtra is anything from just over 50 to a score where it makes no sense to go higher. 
Less is the other way, until its impossible to get 
And finally, at the lowest end, where success is impossible. 
Other tha baseline, the other values are never set. They are just ranges. 
The idea is experiment with different combinations of baseline xtra less and impossible. 
Breaking the values down. 
Impossible is a single number like baseline. 
Baseline is one number and not a range. 
range of possibilities for reaching base is expressed as a range for a given set 
of user pulls, is, in fact, a range. 
a function takes the pull set,  the single baseline, takes the possibilities of reaching that baseline 
with the pull set in some increment, and outputs an array of numbers which are various possibilities,
and the one baseline. Impossible functions the same way.  The two element output here and elsewhere, 
will act as potential rules. 
Other functions take Less, Xtra
They work the way the baseline function works, only with the several possibilities of Less or Xtra, 
along with the  ranges of possibilities. Like with baseline and Impossible, 
They too put out a two dimensional range of values. One element for the score value, and one element
for the possibility. 
After all the values are created, they are combined.  At this point, they may well be overlap. 
So Duplicates are eliminated.  One large array is created.  
This one large array is a driver.  The value for one of the 4 items is presented, along with 
its possible value of attainment. The other 3 values are combined in all their possible 
combinations.  Each  of the various 4 values and each of their possibilities is presented. 
Each value within the non user side will have its own percentage. The range is the value/percentage 
combination.  
Everything is output to an even bigger array. Again, everything is vertically and horizontally sorted, 
and duplicates are eliminated. 
On the user side there are several patterns possibly, with several choices for elimination. 
Each row in the large array are used as a rule.  
Each rule is applied against the set of objects. 
The question is which pattern gets used. 
The answer depends on the motivation of the user. 
If losing is not important, but winning is life changing, than the user might take more chances. 
In this case, outside of losing, there is no downside. The amount of money is constant. The only thing 
here important is winning or losing. Since there are two sets of probabilities, all the combos
have to be tried. There is no easy answer to how much of a chance to take to get over some 
indeterminate score. 




6/7/19 end
